Biden WH ‘Amplifies’ Climate Extremist Group ‘Making Life Miserable’ For Cabinet And Govt Officials 

 The Biden administration celebrated praise from a far-left climate alarmist group known for harassing public officials and blocking roads on Saturday.

Following its Friday announcement that it’s pulling the plug on several liquefied natural gas (LNG) projects in the name of so-called “climate change,” the White House released a “WHAT THEY ARE SAYING” press release the following day that included remarks from left-wing climate activists and organizations celebrating the administration’s continued war on efficient sources of energy and the American consumer. [emphasis, links added]

Among the groups propped up by the administration is Climate Defiance, a radical environmentalist group comprised of young Marxists who regularly disrupt traffic and shout down U.S. politicians to coerce them into advancing their radical agenda.

According to InfluenceWatch, much of the organization’s funding comes from the Climate Emergency Fund (CEF), a nonprofit “that channels money to groups engaged in climate activism.”

CEF has previously received funding from “former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s Onward Together, liberal activist Abigail Disney, and oil heiress Aileen Getty’s Aileen Getty Foundation.”

In its Saturday release, the White House specifically highlighted Climate Defiance’s Jan. 26 tweet celebrating the administration’s “monumental” decision to ax the aforementioned LNG projects.

“Never thought we would see the day. The White House is amplifying our Twitter account. Words fail. Words fail. Words utterly fail,” Climate Defiance’s X account posted on Sunday.

Never thought we would see the day. The White House is amplifying our Twitter account. Words fail. Words fail. Words utterly fail. pic.twitter.com/G6hFNLofGZ

— Climate Defiance (@ClimateDefiance) January 28, 2024

Beyond funding from Democrat-aligned entities, Climate Defiance is more well-known for its goal of “making life MISERABLE for every person in power” who opts not to endorse its extreme agenda.

Earlier this month, for example, several of the group’s members “swarmed” Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., while he was speaking at a New Hampshire diner.

Climate Defiance agitators chanted “anti-fossil fuels slogans” during Manchin’s remarks. One of them, carrying a sign “calling for the end of fossil fuel dependence,” reportedly jumped in front of the senator’s SUV as it was departing the venue.

The group claimed Manchin uses his position as chair of the Senate Energy Committee to “protect his personal coal company.”

Climate Defiance’s radical behavior doesn’t stop there.

Since its 2023 launch, the group has attempted to corner several high-ranking Democrats, including President Joe Biden.

According to InfluenceWatch, on April 29, its members “created a blockade to prevent elected officials from attending the White House Correspondents’ Dinner at the Washington Hilton, hoping to see [the president] and demand an end to leasing public lands for fossil fuel projects.”

The organization’s members harassed Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., at a book launch event in May and “blocked traffic and protested outside” Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer’s New York City residence later that same month.

Climate Defiance demonstrators were also reportedly removed from a June event hosted by the Detroit Free Press, at which Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm was scheduled to speak.

Among the phrases shouted by agitators were, “No MVP. No LNG. Granholm, you are killing me,” and, “F-ck you, Jennifer. F-ck you, Joe Biden. F-ck all these politicians.”

