Eco-idiots glue themselves to a dinosaur watched by bemused museum visitors in daft stunt after flinging mash at Monet 

 FOOTAGE shows the moment two eco-idiots glued themselves to a dinosaur display at a German museum in front of a group of bemused visitors.

The latest daft stunt, undertaken by the 'Letzte Generation' (Last Generation) climate activist group, took place at Berlin’s National Museum this afternoon.

A video clip showed how the two women - wearing hi-vi vests - had entered the site before supergluing themselves to the giant dinosaur model.

Museumgoers were stunned as the duo pedalled rhetoric that accused the German government of failing to properly address the threat of climate change.

The stunt, which was later shared on social media, appeared to be a copycat of antics at several other sites where protesters have glued themselves to priceless pieces.

In this case it is unknown whether the model, which is held up by supportive poles, was damaged.

The latest stunt comes just days after the campaign group tarnished a £100million Clade Monet masterpiece with mashed potato.

At the time, the group admitted to being inspired by antics at the National Gallery in London earlier this month which drew global attention.

The Just Stop Oil activists - named as Anna Holland, 20, and 21-year-old Phoebe Plummer - chucked tomato soup over Van Gogh's famous Sunflowers painting.

They were arrested for criminal damage and aggravated trespass but both eco-zealots pleaded not guilty at Westminster Magistrates' Court.


Their trial date is set for December 13 at the City of London Magistrates' Court.

Meanwhile, it has since been revealed that Just Stop Oil has been paying its protesters to clog Britain's roads as the country continues to be plagued by demonstrations.

The organisation, which has repeatedly brought traffic grinding to a halt over the last few weeks, is bankrolled by the mega-rich.

This month alone, Just Stop Oil has blocked roads across England, sparking fury among motorists.

In Knightsbridge, London, the green warriors stopped a sick baby getting to hospital and a fire engine responding to blaze.

Days later, furious members of the public dragged the mob from the tarmac for preventing a van driver from visiting his ill wife.

But most notably, the protesters caused mayhem on the M25 by scaling the 275ft QEII Bridge.

Queues reached at least six miles long while the idiots dangled from the structure - with two even chilling in a hammock.

The duo - later named as Morgan Trowland and Marcus Decker - were accused of having "blood on their hands" after two women died during their eco action.