News Consumers and businesses urged to use a brown bin 12 minutes ago 

 Consumers and businesses urged to use a brown bin

Consumers and businesses are being urged to use a brown bin, recycle their food waste and reduce their carbon footprint, following National Food Waste Recycling Week, which ran from June 2-9.

New research of over 1,000 adults found that over two thirds of all householders in Ireland currently use a brown bin and, of those who do, helping climate change is their top motivation.

However, a recent study from the Environmental Protection Agency found that, in commercial general waste bins, 30% of the contents are food waste; while in household general waste bins, 17% of the content is food waste, meaning this food waste will never be recycled.

“We’ve made great progress in Ireland with over two thirds of people now using a brown bin but, as we see from the research, there is still a high proportion of food waste that could be recycled going into our general waste bins,” said Pauline McDonogh, Resource Efficiency Officer at MyWaste.ie

“The introduction of new legislation means everyone, everywhere in Ireland with a kerbside waste collection service is now entitled to a brown bin service. We’d urge everyone – consumers and businesses – if you don’t use a brown bin, please start, and make a positive change for our environment,” she added.

In Ireland it’s estimated we waste about 750,000 tonnes of food each year. Food waste that ends up in landfill is a significant contributor to climate change – food waste is estimated to generate up to 10% of global greenhouse gas emissions. Reducing food waste has both environmental and financial benefits.

The brown bin service accepts all types of food: Raw and cooked meat and fish, plate scrapings, and fruit and vegetable peelings, in addition to food-soiled paper napkins, paper towels, greasy pizza boxes, and light garden waste.

MyWaste.ie’s top three ways to prevent food waste includes planning meals and using only the ingredients needed, storing food properly, and using your brown bin! Go to MyWaste.ie for more information.