Climate insanity: Bill Gates invests in Aussie firm looking to address COW BURPS 

 According to a press statement, Gates' Breakthrough Energy Ventures (BEV) alongside Harvest Road Group raised a total of $12 million for the Perth, Western Australia-based startup Rumin8. The startup examines solutions to decrease livestock emissions, with a focus on a dietary supplement for cattle with "anti-methanogenic properties."

Rumin8's dietary supplement is synthesized from bromoform, an active ingredient in red seaweed, that prevents the creation of methane. The anti-methanogenic compounds in bromoform can target and eradicate bacteria producing the gas, reportedly cutting down on methane emissions and conserving animals' energy.

According to the startup, early trials on cows fed with the supplement saw a more than 85 percent reduction in methane emissions. This amounts to two tons of greenhouse gases removed each year for every cow being fed. Identical technologies in other nations also indicate that feeding anti-methanogenic supplements could lead to cattle and sheep conserving more energy for food production.

The Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) developed a comparable version in 2022 that decreased methane production by up to 20 percent. The supplement also helped increase milk production in cows. ICAR used tannins and compounds found in legume plants for its dietary supplement.

The agricultural industry has been under fire for greenhouse gas emissions, specifically methane. According to a 2013 report by the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, methane has 80 times the planet-warming power of carbon dioxide over the first 20 years that it lingers in the atmosphere.

The globalist group also mentioned that methane accounts for around 30 percent of global warming that has happened since the Industrial Revolution. Agricultural methane released from livestock burps, farts and manure account for 32 percent of methane emissions.

Gates, who is a big fan of the latest technologies to fight climate change, has supported companies working on all types of solutions, including next-generation nuclear reactors and cutting-edge carbon capture designs. (Related: Why is Bill Gates buying up farmland across America?)

As reported in the statement, the recent funds will "accelerate Rumin8's road to commercialization," as the firm plans out fresh international trials, branding projects and a pilot manufacturing plant.

"The demand for sustainable protein has never been more apparent, which is why BEV is keenly interested in reducing methane emissions from beef and dairy," Carmichael Roberts, co-lead at the corporation’s investment committee, said in the statement.

Gates' investment in Rumin8 signals his first Australian venture with Breakthrough Energy, but it is far from his first investment in climate tech-startups.

"We’re invested now in over 100 startups. This one here in Australia, Rumin8, I think it's the 103rd," Gates said during a recent interview in Sydney with Michael Fullilove, executive director of the Lowy Institute, an independent think tank. The billionaire added that around six percent of global planet-warming emissions come from cows.

"It’s great to have Australia engaged in climate. The world isn't going to trade with people who don't have serious climate commitments. Australia was a bit of an outlier until quite recently."

Watch this video of Bill Gates explaining why cows need to be changed, given that they account for six percent of global emissions.

This video is from the Thrivetime Show channel on Brighteon.com.

Video shows Bill Gates admitting "clean energy" solving climate change is a SCAM.

Most scientists agree that changing climate conditions have nothing to do with human activity.

Bill Gates flies around Australia for climate change lectures in $70m private jet that guzzles fossil fuels.

Sources include: