Africa Youth Partnership — Liberia Youth Task Team launches Climate Justice Community Engagement and Awareness Campaign 

 Monrovia, Liberia — the Africa Youth Partnership — Liberia Youth Task Team (LYTT) in partnership with ActionAid Liberia hosted a Climate Justice Community Engagement and Awareness Campaign at the People United Community Palava Hut on 20th Street, Beachside, Monrovia, Liberia.

The Campaign, which is an activity under the Strategic Partnership Agreement, brought together leaders and residents of the People United Community, LYTT members, the media, etc., gears toward raising awareness about Climate Change and Environmental injustices and to sensitize community residents about sustainable climate practices.

After the opening formalities, the Campaign begin with an Introduction to the Campaign by the Liberia Youth Task Team (LYTT) Climate Justice & Environmental Project Lead, Madam Yundeh Afreda Butler, a staunch climate advocate and environmentalist.

During her deliberation, she called for a transition to renewable energy and agroecoly, also addressing climate change driven conflict, and its’ effect on women and girls.

She encouraged the audience to engage into sustainable climate actions that will enhance environmental sustainability.

“She informed the audience that the campaign seeks to rally support from more than five million people worldwide including policy makers, youth, and government authorities to fix the issue of Climate Finance that will enhance mitigation and adaption actions that will in turn address climate change.” Madam Butler.

In addition to that, Mr. Amara B. Kanneh, a Development Expert and Director of Programs of the Liberia Youth Task Team (LYTT), informed the audience about the LYTT Social Media Campaign on Climate Justice that was launched four days ago and encouraged the audience to join the Social Media Campaign and amplify youth voices to effect policy actions and decisions for a just climate transition.

On the part of the Community, Youth Chairlady, Mrs. Rebecca Slocum, lamented on the challenges that the People United Community is faced with; such as: lack of adequate Waste Holding Station, Lack of proper Drainage System at the JFK Hospital which result in over flooding of the People United Community whenever rainfall, Sanding Mining from the Beach, etc.

She furthered appreciated the Liberia Youth Task Team (LYTT) and the Actionaid Liberia (AAL) for partnering to host such an eye-opening and educative program that reminded the resident of People United Community about their role in the fight against Climate Change.

The Campaign concluded with a remark by Jacob B. Swee, Jr., a Professional Accountant in public practice and Team Lead of the Liberia Youth Task Team (LYTT); during his deliberation he reminded the residents of People United Community that a little sustainable climate action on a daily basis can make a huge difference in the global fight against Climate change.

He assured the leadership of the People Untied Community that the Liberia Youth Task Team (LYTT) is committed to working with and for the marginalized and vulnerable population.