Call for tax to stop exports of emissions, jobs to Asia 

 Australia may be striving to cut industrial emissions but will continue to export manufacturing jobs without a tax on carbon-rich imports, a summit has been told.

A mechanism covering the biggest emitters looks good but is an "ineffective tool" without a border tax, Vik Bansal, chief executive of construction materials giant Boral, warned on Thursday.

"We just move carbon emissions to Asia," he told the Australasian Emissions Reduction Summit in Sydney.

"But we live on one Earth."

Mr Bansal also defended Boral's move to less ambitious emissions reduction targets, saying it was time to be "pragmatic and realistic".

Edwina Johnson, the senior official who led the overhaul of the beefed-up emissions safeguard mechanism, said the federal government was considering following Europe's lead in imposing a price on the carbon content of imported goods.

A so-called carbon border adjustment mechanism, or CBAM, could stop firms from shifting jobs to Indonesia and Malaysia where environmental standards are lower, and where ingredients for cement and steel - or future batteries - are cheaper.

A review of this "carbon leakage" and the feasibility of a CBAM, particularly for steel and cement, will report in a year's time.

But analysts warn that construction and housing costs will soar without cheap imports.

Chair of the new Net-Zero Economy Agency Greg Combet told the summit the task of decarbonising Australia's economy would require a level of investment and transformation equivalent to the period of post-war reconstruction.

Engineer Ben McGarry, global service leader of future energy at Aurecon, said technical people would be needed at worksites to figure out how to do it.

"One of my favourite cute factoids is that climate change is an anagram of mega technical," Dr McGarry said.

But in many cases the complex new technology behind ambitious decarbonisation plans does not yet exist, which means businesses must rely on carbon credits to comply with government requirements.

The purpose of carbon credits is widely misunderstood, according to summit host and Carbon Market Institute chief executive John Connor.

"I support efforts to give greater integrity to carbon crediting mechanisms, but they are not the enemy," Mr Connor said.

He said Australia should lift its game on emissions reduction and market integrity to support rapid change in the global economy.

However, there is growing scrutiny around how resources companies and other big emitters have access to unlimited carbon credits to meet climate promises, in what the fiercest opponents have called a "scammer's dream" or a "fraud on the environment".

Regulators have put firms on notice about false or misleading climate claims made to investors and consumers, particularly those that use offsets to wash emissions-rich business operations.

Deanne Stewart, chief executive of Aware Super, which manages $160 billion in superannuation accounts, said climate change was one of the biggest risks and there was a "noisy minority" who wanted no investment in fossil fuels.

"We really saw it dial-up when it was front and centre in the community when the bushfires and floods were happening," she said.

She said Aware Super used voting power on behalf of members to encourage "laggards" to disclose climate plans.

"We haven't done massive divestment at this point," Ms Stewart said.

"But as we get more and more forensic, and the sector pathways become more realistic, we'll start to move more into that action mode."
