Cows Join Bald Eagles, Whales On The Left’s Climate Kill List 

 What happened: European bureaucrats in dreary Ireland are plotting the murder of roughly 200,000 cows in order to combat so-called climate change.

• Mass execution is one of the options being considered by the Irish government as it scrambles to satisfy the European Union’s draconian emissions targets by 2030.

Context: European libs aren’t the only ones trying to erase cows from existence.

In 2019, Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D., N.Y.) promoted the controversial Green New Deal legislation using a fact sheet promising to “fully get rid of farting cows and airplanes.”

Why it matters: Liberal activists have long sought to alleviate their personality disorders, sometimes referred to as “climate anxiety,” by killing innocent animals.

• Former president Barack Obama deployed solar farms, wind farms, and other “clean energy” murder machines to execute thousands of bald eagles on his watch.

• More recently, Democrats in New York and New Jersey have started slaughtering harmless whales in order to build a massive and unsightly offshore wind farm in the Atlantic Ocean.

Cows are next on the kill list. Can humans be far behind?

Bottom line: Libs want these adorable creatures to die.

Read more at Free Beacon

Join our list

Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox.

Livestock have been on his Earth for Thousands of year but its only now according to a bunch of total idiots their causing Global Warming/Climate Change. This is not about the Climate its about Big Green Brother in control of our Lives Gates and Soros are just two of the Enemy of Humanity

Before settlers from the new world reduced their numbers, American Bison in what is now the US, commonly referred to as buffalo, emitted almost as much methane as cattle do today. The climate change movement is always presenting phenomena as new and unprecedented be it heat waves, droughts, or methane from grazing animals.

Cattle farmers: Just say “NO”

The target policy will not affect atmospheric CO2 or the climate.

This kill-cattle instruction is bad, mad and completely cinelimate-ineffective.