FACT CHECK: Did John Kerry’s Daughter Say Billions Must Die For ‘New World Order’? 

 FACT CHECK: Did John Kerry’s Daughter Say Billions Must Die For ‘New World Order’?

A post shared on Facebook claims Vanessa Kerry, daughter of former U.S. climate envoy John Kerry, said billions of humans must die for the “New World Order.”

Verdict: False

There is no evidence Kerry said this. It originates from a site that is a regular source of misinformation and has been debunked by Check Your Fact several times in the past.

Fact Check:

Some studies have suggested that climate change may be causing more turbulence on airplanes, according to Washington Post. In spite of this, airlines are getting better at anticipating rough skies, meaning there may not be much change in the overall rate of turbulence, the outlet reported.

A Facebook post suggests Kerry has said people must die for the “New World Order.” The post shows an image of Kerry smiling above the text, “John Kerry’s Daughter Says BILLIONS of Humans Must Die for the ‘New World Order.'”

“So now we know… they are KILLING us with chemicals, shots, food is poisoned.. ENOUGH!!!” the caption reads. (RELATED: No, John Kerry Has Not Called For Depopulation As A Part Of The United Nations’ Agenda 2030)

The claim is baseless, however. There are no credible news reports to suggest Kerry said this. Likewise, the alleged statement could not be found on any of Kerry’s social media accounts.

The image’s text matches a headline from The People’s Voice. A “Liability Disclaimer” included on the site’s “Terms of Use” page indicates it “makes no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained on the site for any purpose.” Check Your Fact has debunked claims originating from this site multiple times previously.

Check Your Fact reached out to a Kerry spokesperson for comment and will update this piece accordingly if one is received.