Greece: 13 Muslim migrants charged with arson as deadly wildfires erupt 

 The Leftist elites insist that the wildfires are a result of “climate change” and use them to push their agenda to cripple Western economies and impoverish the people of Europe and North America. They simultaneously maintain that Europe needs ever more Muslim migrants. See how neatly it all works together? The migrants come in, they start the fires, the Left uses the fires to advance its agenda, and calls for more migrants.

“Fires in Greece: 13 Pakistani and Syrian migrants charged with attempted arson in Evros,” Greek City Times, August 24, 2023:

The businessman of Albanian origin from Alexandroupoli gave his version of the incident with the 13 immigrants, identified as nationals of Pakistan and Syria, he kept illegally in a trailer….

“The place I was at is 200 meters from my business. Several improvised incendiary structures were found in the area. In the previous days, the suburbs and settlements of Alexandroupolis had been evacuated, as well as the University General Hospital. Naturally, all the residents had lost sleep and were on the alert for the fire to find us during the night.

“At the specific point between Alexandroupoli and S. Chile, behind a supermarket chain, I spotted a group of 13 people who were around an object and were trying to set it on fire while holding a balloon that smelled of gasoline, and they also brought a knife with them….

“I didn’t care if they were immigrants if they came from Albania, Syria, Greece or Australia. I am neither a fascist nor a racist, and I am sure that my fellow citizens of Alexandroupoli with whom I have been doing business all these years know that,” he concluded….

The 13 illegal immigrants, who were illegally kept in a trailer by three citizens in Alexandroupolis, are accused of attempted arson….

Comments

Snow White says

Now who would have ever thought those fires were lit by mohamedans? Gee Whizz, wow….

Dennis Bray says

Ive been saying it all along! Burn your host country & weaken them ready for the big push when they takeover!

࿗Infidel࿘ says

It wasn’t enough that Greece had to be overrun by the Ottomans, and their great heritage sites destroyed. They now have to be stupid enough to allow in any muslims who land ashore. All this started w/ the kid whose body washed up on a Greek shore a decade ago

GreekEmpress says

So true, Infidel. You’d think Greeks would remember their history.

If nothing else, the aggression of the Turks in Cyprus and in Greek airspace and waters should remind them.

Nick says

Can anyone refute the Muslim apologist Shahid bolsen who has the YouTube channel middle nation. He sounds smart but i know he is a liar. He called the recent laws in France misogyny.

Jinx the cat says

Some professor or another once called that ‘antiphrasis’.

Yogi says

Climate changed, Bhahaha!! From hot to boiling!!!, this traitors are just unbelievable!!, UN . Is a criminal organization big time..

Keith O says

I don’t care who or what they are, all arsonists, black, white or brindle, Christian or mudslime should be publicly burned at the stake for setting those fires.

I vividly recall the destruction here in Australia when we had the last lot of bush fires, and some of those were from arson.

Sickening.

brenrod says

They first used arson as a terror weapon in Israel and their success caused them to do it globally. Perhaps they did it in Maui.