Feds Using ‘Data’ from Temperature Stations That No Longer Exist to ‘Prove’ Global Warming 

 Feds Using ‘Data’ from Temperature Stations That No Longer Exist to ‘Prove’ Global Warming

Once again, we see the fraud of climate change as it has been revealed that the federal government is using “data” from temperature stations that haven’t even existed for years.

The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) uses data from its system of temperature stations erected across the nation to predict what the temps will be in the future. They use what is called the United States Historical Climatology Network (USHCN), which has physical stations all over the country.

But, the problem is, a large number of the stations they claim to be using don’t even exist.

So, how does NOAA use temperature data that doesn’t exist?

Will this presidential election be the most important in American history?

Per Zero Hedge:

The problem, say experts, is that an increasing number of USHCN’s stations don’t exist anymore.

“They are physically gone—but still report data—like magic,” said Lt. Col. John Shewchuk, a certified consulting meteorologist.

“NOAA fabricates temperature data for more than 30 percent of the 1,218 USHCN reporting stations that no longer exist.”

He calls them “ghost” stations.

Mr. Shewchuck said USHCN stations reached a maximum of 1,218 stations in 1957, but after 1990 the number of active stations began declining due to aging equipment and personnel retirements.

NOAA still records data from these ghost stations by taking the temperature readings from surrounding stations, and recording their average for the ghost station, followed by an “E,” for estimate.

So much for “science.”

If you can’t prove it… just make it up.

This is from the “trust the science” fools.

Follow Warner Todd Huston on Facebook at: facebook.com/Warner.Todd.Huston, or Truth Social @WarnerToddHuston

Cross-posted with The Lid

Related:

- Next Loony Liberal Crusade: They Want to Take Your Coffee Away — For Global Warming, Of Course (Video)

- COP28 Head Tells Crowd There’s “No Science” Backing Phase-Out Of Fossil Fuels To Stop Global Warming

- Norway Study Concludes There Is NO Man-Made Global Warming

- Bill Gates Bankrolling DESTRUCTION OF ALL TREES To Stop “Global Warming” (Video)

- Will Biden Block Sunlight To Cut Global Warming?

Turn your back on Big Tech oligarchs and join the New Resistance NOW! Facebook, Google, and other members of the Silicon Valley Axis of Evil are now doing everything they can to deliberately silence conservative content online, so please be sure to check out our MeWe page here, check us out at ProAmerica Only and follow us at Parler, SocialCross, Speak Your Mind Here, and Gab. You can also follow us on Truth Social here, Twitter at @co_firing_line, and at the social media site set up by members of Team Trump, GETTR.

Give a middle finger to unaccountable global censors and big tech fascists. Bookmark this site, sign up for our newsletter, and check back often.

While you’re at it, be sure to check out our friends at Whatfinger News, the Internet’s conservative front-page founded by ex-military!And be sure to check out our friends at Trending Views: