Martin Armstrong to US Treasury Secretary: We Can Not Afford Two Wars! 

 Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen does not live in reality. She is not a trusted source of information but rather a Deep State puppet who pushes propaganda unsuccessfully. Yellen wants you to believe that America’s economy is stronger than ever with unlimited funds for all besides the actual citizens who pay taxes.


When asked if America could fund two major wars, Yellen told Sky News, “Absolutely!”.

“America can certainly afford to stand with Israel and to support Israel’s military needs, and we also can and must support Ukraine in its struggle against Russia. The American economy is doing extremely well,” Yellen said.

The US national debt is now at $33.56 trillion with a defense budget of around $800 billion. We are funding layaway wars with no intention of ever paying back a penny to our debtors. They may strategize war, but they’re not strategizing war from an economic standpoint.

China was the largest purchaser of US debt but they have been abandoning US debt and the dollar entirely.

Yellen called the US debt downgrade “arbitrary” when Fitch Ratings downgraded US long-term debt late from AAA to AA+. The agency cited the debt ceiling negotiations and frequent government shutdowns as one of the reasons for the downgrade, and this was prior to the US losing its Speaker of the House for the first time in history.

Another reason is simply that China is disinvesting in the dollar.

The $2 billion sent to Israel is merely the beginning since the full-scale war has not yet begun. The two wars will merge into one when other nations become involved.

Israel could easily defeat Palestine on its own without foreign aid. But once the major players like China and Russia intervene it will take the full force and funding of NATO.

War has become the #1 economic priority for America’s politicians. “We” do not want to fund any wars but have no say in the matter since the elections are rigged, the data is inaccurate, and the truth is concealed by lie after lie.
