Russia intends to supply light ‘Mountain’ tanks, infantry fighting vehicles to India 

 Russia’s state-owned arms company, Rosoboronexport, has declared its intention to participate in the bidding process for the supply of light tanks and the Future Infantry Combat Vehicle (FICV) to India.

Alexander Mikheyev, the CEO of the Russian company announced the decision with the state-run media outlet TASS during the International Aerospace Exhibition at Dubai Airshow 2023.

Mikheyev outlined plans for collaboration with Indian partners, to introduce a light tank and an advanced infantry fighting vehicle as part of the Indian Ministry of Defense’s FICV project tender. Emphasizing alignment with the principles of the ‘Make in India’ program, he highlighted the intention to contribute to local manufacturing.

In his statements, Mikheyev underlined Russia’s comprehension of the Indian government’s aspirations, acknowledging India’s commitment to achieving technological sovereignty and promoting independent industrial development. The proposed plans reflect a collaborative approach that adheres to the principles of the ‘Make in India’ initiative.

Earlier, Russia signed a contract to supply Igla-S hand-held anti-aircraft missiles to India and allow production of the Igla there under licence, the Russian state news agency TASS quoted a top arms export official as saying on Tuesday.

The Igla-S is a man-portable air defence system (MANPADS) that can be fired by an individual or crew to bring down an enemy aircraft.

India is the world’s largest arms importer and Russia remains its largest supplier despite the damage to the reputation of its army and weaponry from the war in Ukraine, where Russia has suffered numerous setbacks at the hands of a smaller but highly motivated and Western-equipped military.

According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), Russia accounted for 45% of India’s arms imports between 2018 and 2022, with France providing 29% and the United States 11%.

Another Russian state news agency, RIA, quoted Mikheyev earlier as saying that “Rosoboronexport is working with Indian private and public enterprises to organise joint production of aviation weapons and integrate them into the existing aviation fleet in India”.

No details were provided about which Indian companies would be involved or when potential production would start.

Mikheyev said Rosoboronexport and Indian partners had provided the Indian Ministry of Defence with Su-30MKI fighter jets, tanks, armoured vehicles and shells. At the beginning of the year, India and Russia also started joint production of AK-203 Kalashnikov assault rifles.

