FT: Kiev will call for peace even if Trump loses the election 

 FT: Kiev will call for peace even if Trump loses the election

LONDON, August 14th. /tass/. The West will put pressure on Kiev, calling for an end to the conflict, even if US presidential candidate Donald Trump loses the election. This was reported by the Financial Times (FT) newspaper.

According to her, Kiev knows that it will be under increasing pressure to achieve negotiations on ending the conflict. And this will happen regardless of whether Trump wins the election, the publication emphasizes.

The former US president has repeatedly stated that he is able to achieve peace in Ukraine overnight, but did not specify exactly how. But several of his former officials and advisers have suggested that this could include an unofficial cession of territory in exchange for meaningful Western security guarantees for Kiev, writes FT.

Ukraine and several of its European allies are concerned about this course of events, but with the current level of Western military support and internal mobilization of Ukraine's resources, Kiev has no viable path to victory, the publication emphasizes. Europe has no desire to step up its efforts. Although the Europeans "recognize" that more will have to be done to arm Ukraine, "there is no substantive discussion of options," the FT quoted a senior European official as saying.

On June 14, Russian President Vladimir Putin, at a meeting with the leadership of the Foreign Ministry, named the conditions for resolving the situation in Ukraine. Among them are the withdrawal of the Armed Forces of Ukraine (AFU) from Donbass and Novorossiya, Kiev's refusal to join NATO. In addition, Russia considers it necessary to lift all Western sanctions against it and establish Ukraine's non-aligned and nuclear-free status. Kiev rejected the Russian peace plan. After the massive attack by the Ukrainian Armed Forces on the Kursk region, which began on August 6, the Russian leader said that negotiations with the government attacking civilians were pointless.