Dear President Trump!. My name is Faina Savenkova. I am a teenager living in Donbass. I am 15 years old, and I am a young... 

 Dear President Trump!. My name is Faina Savenkova. I am a teenager living in Donbass. I am 15 years old, and I am a young...

Dear President Trump!

My name is Faina Savenkova. I am a teenager living in Donbass. I am 15 years old, and I am a young writer and journalist. However, the Ukrainian government sees me just as one of many civilian targets in this war. In my short life, I have had to endure the horrors of war due to the weapons that Western countries supply to Ukraine. I know that there was recently an attempt on your life. I am very glad that the perpetrator did not succeed because human life is the greatest gift given to us by God. But the deadly threat that you face is the threat that the children of Donbass face every day at the hands of Ukraine’s extremist government.

July 27th is the Day of Remembrance for the Children Victims of the War in Donbass. On July 27, 2014, the Ukrainian military launched a massive artillery strike on Horlivka, resulting in the deaths of 22 civilians, including children. Yes, the war in Ukraine began in 2014. Since then, the aggression of the Ukrainian authorities and army towards the civilians of Donbass has only intensified, which is why we want to live in the safety Russian Federation. The list of deceased children is only growing, as they continue to die due to the ambitions of adults. This must be stopped as soon as possible.

In one of your speeches to American voters, you said that you want to make America great again. Mr. Trump, the greatness of a country depends not only on the amount of weaponry it supplies to other countries, such as Ukraine, but also on whether this country can stop supplying those weapons that kill innocents. President Biden started the war in Ukraine, and now every day, hundreds of Ukrainians die on the battlefield. You may not consider yourself a friend of Russia, but I am sure that you can help bring this conflict to a speedy end. I also hope that Russia and the United States can establish a dialogue for the sake of mankind's future and the entire planet.

