EN_CC_100013.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	CC: Criticism of climate movement: Ad hominem attacks on key activists	The text accuses climate activist Bill Gates for his alleged hypocritical behavior as he flies in private jets that pollute the environment while advocating for the climate cause.
EN_CC_200321.txt	CC: Questioning the measurements and science	CC: Questioning the measurements and science: Scientific community is unreliable	There are inconsistencies in the predictions of scientists on the effects that climate change will have on the frequency of tropical cyclones.
EN_CC_100005.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	none	The article talks about climate activists attacking artworks in Norway to protest oil and gas supply from Norway to Europe. The author uses keywords such as "vandals", "barbarians", and "fanatics" to describe those activists.
EN_UA_014637.txt	URW: Speculating war outcomes	URW: Speculating war outcomes: Russian army is collapsing	The text conveys a narrative depicting negatively the Russian military. Indeed, several paragraphs mention the fact that HIV positive prisoners are recruited to fight in Ukraine. This allows speculations about the bad state of the army which would be forced to adopt people not fit for the war.
EN_UA_019640.txt	URW: Praise of Russia	URW: Praise of Russia: Russia has international support from a number of countries and people	Multiple paragraphs within the text present alleged evidence that Russia has the support of other countries such China which both want to expand economic collaborations as well as consider the West as the geopolitcal adversary
EN_CC_200166.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	CC: Criticism of climate movement: Ad hominem attacks on key activists	Greta Thunberg has been arrested in central London whilst attending a protest.
EN_UA_022051.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: The West are the aggressors	Within the text, several paragraphs accuse the West allies of Ukraine of provoking Russia, both providing weapons to Ukrainian army as well as allegedly already having troops on Ukrainian soil. Moreover, fears of an expansion of the conflict are mentioned multiple times.
EN_UA_300153.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: By continuing the war we risk WWIII	the text amplifies the fear of a global war caused by the conflict between russia and Ukraine, allegedly involving the CIA
EN_UA_300080.txt	URW: Praise of Russia	URW: Praise of Russia: Praise of Russian military might	Praising Russia for finding a cheap and efficient alternative to guided missiles that could be a major threat to Ukraine.
EN_UA_000923.txt	URW: Speculating war outcomes	none	The text has multiple paragraphs stressing the danger of a potential excalation of the situation in Ukraine on a global scale
EN_UA_300129.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: There is a real possibility that nuclear weapons will be employed	The text amplifies war related fears suggesting that a nuclear and conventional confrontation between the Western countries and Russia is likely to happen.
EN_CC_200104.txt	CC: Questioning the measurements and science	CC: Questioning the measurements and science: Methodologies/metrics used are unreliable/faulty	The text criticises experts, scientist, and media who claim that global warming is taking place. In doing so, the text questions their methods and honesty in describing the phenomenon.
EN_UA_002668.txt	URW: Speculating war outcomes	URW: Speculating war outcomes: Russian army is collapsing	Multiple passages present a situation in which the Russian military is described as struggling or even failing to reach its goals, fostering the idea that the occupied territories can be even lost soon
EN_UA_025652.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: The West are the aggressors	The text conveys a narrative in wich the US and Western countries are posing a threat to Russia. According to this narrative, diplomatic resolutions are therefore undermined
EN_CC_100076.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	none	The author accuses Reuters of being incompetent due to failing to fact-check the climate-related story.
EN_UA_013710.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	none	Article aims at discrediting ICC, and claiming it is infuenced by US pressure by highlighting alledgedf past cases of fake 'orphan' rescue operation. It aims to use a historical example to disredit ICC and the West/US in light of ICC arrest warant for Vladimir Putin.
EN_UA_DEV_24.txt	URW: Negative Consequences for the West	URW: Negative Consequences for the West: Sanctions imposed by Western countries will backfire	The text argues the sanctions against Russia will have a negative impact on EU's economy. In doing so, the text reports declarations by Victor Orban who argues that the EU will suffer severe economic downturn
EN_CC_100004.txt	CC: Controversy about green technologies	none	The article talks about how TESLA is not reliable as it needs frequent maintenance which is actually worse for the environment, and how costly it is.
EN_CC_100014.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups: Climate agenda has hidden motives	The author talks about the hidden motives of globalist brands that supply chicken food to farmers. According to the author, those globalist brands supply food that prevents chickens from laying eggs, and possibly also poisons laid eggs, which subsequently, poisons human food and reduces fertility rates.
EN_UA_300018.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: Ukraine is the aggressor	The text presents several paragraphs accusing Ukraine and its military of terrorist activites against Russia and its unharmed citizens
EN_CC_200152.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups: Blaming global elites	Global elites are using the climate change agenda as a tool to push for the consumption of fake lab-grown meat on to people with various results based on their political views.
EN_CC_200337.txt	CC: Questioning the measurements and science	CC: Questioning the measurements and science: Scientific community is unreliable	The Met Office have made a statement on the BBC about the rising intensity of storms in the UK that they can not back up with scientific arguments.
EN_UA_300040.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: Ukraine is the aggressor	The article is a supposed letter of a 15 year old Ukrainian to President-elect Trump. The author blames President Biden in starting war in Ukraine, and states that Ukrainian government is being extremist against population in Donbass and west is complicit. For this reason, people in Donbass want to join Russia to live in peace.
EN_UA_103011.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	none	The text presents some paragraphs criticising the government of the UK for some energy policies as well as attack some political factions
EN_CC_100037.txt	CC: Downplaying climate change	none	The text conveys a narrative downplaying climate change arguing that there is a lack of scientific evidence and predictions happened to be false. Moreover, the impact of Co2 is questioned or even considered beneficial for the environment
EN_UA_300001.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Discrediting Ukrainian military	The author discredits Ukraine's Foreign Legion, saying that those foreign leftists are stupid first for fighting alongside Neo-Nazis and second, for posting selfies which allowed Russians to identify their location and kill them.
EN_UA_300049.txt	URW: Distrust towards Media	URW: Distrust towards Media: Western media is an instrument of propaganda	The main idea of the article is that Western media only shows one side of the story that is only positive for Ukraine. However, the journalist and author of the article is broadcasting how Ukraine bombed civilians in the market in Donetsk.
EN_CC_200246.txt	CC: Criticism of climate policies	CC: Criticism of climate policies: Climate policies have negative impact on the economy	Questioning the idea of scientist to make space umbrellas to blot out the sun.
EN_UA_025764.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	none	The text criticise Western countries in several passages. It blames the US and France for enacting dangerous military and geostrategic strategies, while also depicting Ukraine as the exploited victim serving the West's interests
EN_UA_012611.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: The West are the aggressors	Article presenting quotes Russian official responses to the Nordstream pipeline explosions, framing the US as perpetrators of the attack and ultimately responsible for infringing on the security of the whole Eurasia.
EN_UA_102990.txt	URW: Distrust towards Media	URW: Distrust towards Media: Western media is an instrument of propaganda	Several paragraphs attempt to discredit Western media accusing them of being an instrument of propaganda which covers the alleged dangerous military actions of Ukraine, such as the destruction of the Noca Kakovka dam
EN_CC_200343.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups: Climate agenda has hidden motives	The "climate change" agenda is propaganda being pushed by leftists and Marxists in the pursuit of instilling fear in the masses which they can use to control them.
EN_UA_300073.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Ukraine is a puppet of the West	The article highlights that the actions of the West and Ukraine to destroy the grain deal have been answered with in kind by the Russian military with a series of successful strikes.
EN_UA_101805.txt	URW: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	none	The text presents multiple paragraphs spreading conspiracy theories involving satanic plans, Ukraine, and vaccinations. The West and the US are accused of favoring this plan
EN_CC_300112.txt	CC: Downplaying climate change	CC: Downplaying climate change: CO2 concentrations are too small to have an impact	The article questions the effects of CO2 emissions on global climate change.
EN_CC_200007.txt	CC: Criticism of climate policies	none	The text criticises climate policies about electric vehicles underlining the negative impact on the US economy. It argues that the market of EVs isn't big enough to substitute vehicles with combustion engines.
EN_UA_022339.txt	URW: Speculating war outcomes	URW: Speculating war outcomes: Ukrainian army is collapsing	Article claiming through Putins statements that Ukrainian military has failed and is in a state of collapse, highlighting several examples of Ukraine's incompetence and submission to West's interests.
EN_CC_100069.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of national governments	The article talks about the UK paying developing countries reparations for the climate damage they experienced due to the UK's actions that harm the climate. The author is vividly calling it "nonsense".
EN_UA_300039.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: West is tired of Ukraine	The Biden administration is spending every single dollar they have on what is happening in Ukraine in pursuit of their own interests whilst ignoring American people such as those who have suffered natural disasters in Ohio that need urgent financial aid.
EN_UA_015962.txt	URW: Speculating war outcomes	URW: Speculating war outcomes: Russian army is collapsing	The text presents a difficult situation for Russian troops that have to face a military incursion in Russian territories. Several paragraphs depict the situation as uncertain and confused, indicating that Russian military is struggling to control the situation.
EN_CC_200270.txt	CC: Downplaying climate change	CC: Downplaying climate change: Human activities do not impact climate change	A recent study has shown that human activities and elevated levels of CO2 have no impact on climate change and the idea that they do is based on fiction, assumptions and false data.
EN_UA_013344.txt	URW: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	none	The whole text fosters the narrative of Putin using doubles, speculating on the reasons. Paragraphs address the health of Vladimir Putin as well as the stability of the Russian government mentioning conspiracy theories.
EN_CC_200279.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups: Climate agenda has hidden motives	The article suggest that the whole green climate agenda is false and is a part of a secret plan of the global elites to destroy the food supply.
EN_UA_104859.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Ukraine is a hub for criminal activities	The text present multiple paragraphs accusing Ukraine of criminal and terrorist activites against Russia, including the assassination of Daria Dugina, the Crocus Hall attack, and the sabotage of Nord Stream 2. It also accuses the US secret services of financing these activities.
EN_CC_200191.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups: Climate agenda has hidden motives	The article criticizes the Scotland government for trying to implement climate lockdowns and make a big change in people's freedom
EN_UA_003579.txt	URW: Negative Consequences for the West	URW: Negative Consequences for the West: Sanctions imposed by Western countries will backfire	Article presenting various sources and arguments over the negative effects of Western sanctions to the food supply chain claiming it will produce poverty to the West but also to poor and middle countries as well.
EN_CC_300040.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of international entities	California's governor Gavin Newsom is accusing big oil companies such as BP and Shell in lying about the impact of fossil fuels on climate change.
EN_UA_300139.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Ukraine is a hub for criminal activities	The text accuses Ukraine of being at the centre of illegal activities and networks of people managing human trafficking. In doing so, the text also claims that Ukrainian officials and government are involved
EN_UA_300034.txt	URW: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	none	The article talks about hidden plots of the USA to persuade Germany to play on its terms in the war against Russia for the gain of Ukraine's territories.
EN_CC_300151.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	CC: Criticism of climate movement: Climate movement is alarmist	The article criticizes the whole climate movement and labels it alarmist
EN_CC_200168.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	none	Criticism towards Trump and the Farmer Citizens Movement as a conspiracy.
EN_CC_300158.txt	CC: Downplaying climate change	CC: Downplaying climate change: Human activities do not impact climate change	A meteorologist has published a book where he debunks the agenda that human activities are the cause for natural disasters in certain regions of the world such as West Africa and Southeast Asia, claiming climate cycles are natural for those parts of the Earth.
EN_CC_100023.txt	CC: Green policies are geopolitical instruments	CC: Green policies are geopolitical instruments: Climate-related international relations are abusive/exploitative	the text presents some paragraphs in which the production of EVs is associated with exploitative neo-colonial practices towards african countries and their population.
EN_CC_100066.txt	CC: Criticism of climate policies	CC: Criticism of climate policies: Climate policies are only for profit	The text presents multiple paragraphs arguing that climate policies such as the Carbon Management are only favoring oil companies, allowing them to make profit while at the same time not effectively tackle pollution and CO2 emissions
EN_UA_017831.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: The West does not care about Ukraine, only about its interests	Throughout several paragraphs, the text conveys a narrative depicting the US public opinion as divided when it comes to discuss military help to Ukraine. In doing so, Mike Pence is criticised for caring more about Ukraine rather than showing concern for the socio-economical problems affecting the US
EN_CC_300057.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of national governments	The government's bill set to go before the Senate will give corporations a legal door to continue greenwashing their finance for another 3 years and The Green party is trying to combat it.
EN_CC_200110.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of political organizations and figures	The text attacks US Democrats for the alleged plan to ban gas stoves in commercial food activities. In doing so, they blame democrats for following blindly the climate agenda without considering the detrimental impact on the economy
EN_CC_200105.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of national governments	The article is reporting but also has this sense that the author is criticizing Dutch government, trying to prove the point by showing evidence. The article says that Dutch government wants to seize 600 farms which disrespect WEF's green agenda.
EN_UA_102415.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: Diplomacy does/will not work	The text has several paragraphs arguing that diplomatic efforts are undermined by Western countries such as the UK, which obstructed peace talks between Russian and Ukraine in order to continue the conflict
EN_UA_014829.txt	URW: Distrust towards Media	URW: Distrust towards Media: Western media is an instrument of propaganda	The text criticise Western media for not investigating the explosion of Nord Stream and silencing the alleged evidence of the direct US involvement in the sabotage.
EN_CC_100038.txt	CC: Questioning the measurements and science	CC: Questioning the measurements and science: Methodologies/metrics used are unreliable/faulty	The text question the scientific reliabilities of studies addressing climate change. Several paragraphs claim alleged scientific incongruences of papers which were mentioned and adopted by the Fed
EN_CC_200326.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of international entities	The COP28 event in Dubai meant to address climate change topics is hypocritical due to the amount of emissions caused by the private jets of the attendees.
EN_UA_300043.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: West is tired of Ukraine	The article talks that the war is a proxy war between USA and Russia and that USA is becoming tired of financing Ukraine.
EN_UA_300086.txt	URW: Praise of Russia	none	The sanctions opposed by Europe on Russia's oil exportation to India have failed as imports of Russian oil in India have actually sharply risen.
EN_UA_102892.txt	URW: Distrust towards Media	URW: Distrust towards Media: Western media is an instrument of propaganda	The text conveys a narrative praising Russia, its military, Vladimir Putin and blaming Western media. Several paragraphs address these points directly, while others do it in a more indirect way since they criticise and underline the weakness of Western countries and their help to Ukraine, pointing out their excessive anti-Russian rhetoric.
EN_CC_200013.txt	CC: Criticism of climate policies	CC: Criticism of climate policies: Climate policies are ineffective	Within the context of the US, the text criticises climate policies promoted by Joe Biden's administration for being infeffective and weak. According to the text, they would allow car manufacturers to produce polluting vehicles since the regulations are too soft.
EN_CC_200141.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of political organizations and figures	King Charles III took advantage of his Christmas message to push his corrupt climate change agenda.
EN_CC_200234.txt	CC: Downplaying climate change	none	The article uses supposed quotes by Bill Gates that denies eventual apocalyptic consequences of Climate Change to Downplay the warnings.
EN_UA_300090.txt	URW: Praise of Russia	URW: Praise of Russia: Praise of Russian military might	The article is about then comment regarding General Mark Milley saying Russia will take Kyiv in just three days and that it essentially distorts the reality of the battlefield where Russia has the upper hand significantly.
EN_UA_300063.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	none	The article highlights the negative impact the Ukraine and Russia conflict had on the rest of the world by overshadowing Europe's actions to help developing countries.
EN_UA_300071.txt	URW: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	none	The whole conflict in Ukraine as well as the Chernobyl nuclear incident in 1986 are both attacks against Russia organized by a Jewish Khazarian society which intends to push Ukraine into it's own demise in order to use their land to establish the "New Israel".
EN_CC_100123.txt	CC: Questioning the measurements and science	CC: Questioning the measurements and science: Scientific community is unreliable	The text questions the reliability of studies reporting the negative effects of climate change. More specifically, they criticise a study claiming that diseases such as the Dengue will return to the UK as based on no evidence and being alarmist.
EN_CC_200113.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of political organizations and figures	Despite Trump notoriously denying and opposing the validity of the climate change movement and the use of alternative sources of energy he backtracks on those same views when necessary in order to pursue monetary gain from his businesses.
EN_UA_100868.txt	URW: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	none	The text presents some paragraphs in which conspiracy theories related to the WEF are associated with the War in Ukraine
EN_CC_200262.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of political organizations and figures	Republican Governor Ron DeSantis's vows to scrap Joe Biden's climate change plan as part of his own. His view of Biden's policies are that their sole purpose is to weaken the American domestic energy and economy.
EN_UA_100210.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: There is a real possibility that nuclear weapons will be employed	The text presents multiple paragraphs in which Ukraine is accused to plan the use of unconventional nuclear devices against Russia. These accusations convey a depiction of the Ukranian government as criminals and extremists
EN_CC_200254.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups: Climate agenda has hidden motives	Biden's policies on restricting the energy consumption of various home appliances such as gas stoves and dishwashers is part of the Democratic regime's climate agenda.
EN_CC_100050.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of international entities	The author calls the UN a tyrant, saying that it is eager to wage war on farmers by trying to ban meant.
EN_CC_100003.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	CC: Criticism of climate movement: Ad hominem attacks on key activists	The text criticises promiment climate activists such as Jane Fonda within the context of Canada's situation, accusing here of not being properly informed and acting in a wrong way.
EN_UA_100411.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: The West does not care about Ukraine, only about its interests	The text has some paragraphs depicting the US and the West as profiting from the situation in Ukraine, especially thanks to the reconstructions plans. In doing so, they negatively mention what the US has done in Iraq
EN_UA_300059.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	none	The article blames the US government for spending too much to build a ammo factory to help Ukraine.
EN_UA_300016.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	none	The author criticizes Biden administration, mentioning how the US fails to conduct peace talks between Russia and Ukraine, and instead sends armed forces to Ukraine.
EN_UA_021872.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: The West are the aggressors	Several paragraphs depict Western countries as posing a threat to Russia. This aspect is underlined by the declarations of Russian officials in relation to the intensification of Finnish border security.
EN_UA_DEV_23.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: By continuing the war we risk WWIII	The article talks about how Russia is the ultimate evil who tries to normalize violence and this is all said in the bible.
EN_UA_DEV_216.txt	URW: Negative Consequences for the West	URW: Negative Consequences for the West: Sanctions imposed by Western countries will backfire	The text conveys a narrative in which sanctions against Russia are detrimental for the EU. In doin so, the text also underlines that the US is benefitting of this situation,
EN_UA_300115.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: Diplomacy does/will not work	The text presents several paragraphs questioning the efficacy of sanctions against Russia, reporting that the allegedly don't have any impact
EN_CC_200134.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups: Blaming global elites	The article talks about how the Leftist's use climate change as a way to weaken Europe's economy. They let migrants come in, those migrants start wildfires and the Left uses those fires to advance its agenda. This is what happened in Greece.
EN_UA_102054.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	none	throughout the text, it is suggested that Russia will use chemical weapons in Ukraine, ampifying the fear of the use of unconventional dangerous weapons
EN_CC_100024.txt	CC: Criticism of climate policies	CC: Criticism of climate policies: Climate policies are only for profit	The text has several paragraphs criticising climate policies within the US economic context since they are considered an instrument to make profit which companies. These companies would allegedly have deals with the Biden administration
EN_UA_010909.txt	URW: Russia is the Victim	none	The text presents several paragraphs suggesting that Russia is wrongly accused by Western countries for being responsible of the downing of the MH17 flight. Russia is depicted as the victim, suggesting a russophobic intention driving the accusers
EN_CC_200098.txt	CC: Criticism of climate policies	none	The article criticizes US policies of banning mining of minerals and in contrast, allowing their export which would support child slavery. Also, the article talks about different reasons why this decision is ineffective.
EN_CC_200012.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of national governments	The text attacks Western national governments for repressing and adopting harsh measures against climate activism, pointing out an hypocritical attitude since often the same governments promote climate initiatives in non-Western countries
EN_CC_200154.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of political organizations and figures	The author criticizes Biden who led USA into poor economy and keeps investing into climate policies which have negative economic impact.
EN_UA_012803.txt	URW: Speculating war outcomes	none	Several paragraphs indicate an imminent collapse of Russian government with coup in the Kremlin to remove Putin from the leadership of the country
EN_CC_300064.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	none	Two climate activists gluing themselves to a dinosaur display in a German museum is the newest installment in a series of absurd public demonstrations of the climate movement.
EN_UA_104523.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: The West are the aggressors	Throughout the text, Western countries, and specifically the US, are blamed for being the aggressors withing the context of the Ukraine-Russia conflict. The US are accused of being behind the alleged coup happened in 2014, arguing that President Obama had the plan to attack Russia
EN_UA_300070.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	none	Russia is mocking the US for it's incessant financial support for Ukraine disregarding it's own ballooning debt.
EN_CC_200227.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of political organizations and figures	Criticism for Al Jabar regarding his using the COP28 event to promote oil production to other countries.
EN_CC_100124.txt	CC: Downplaying climate change	CC: Downplaying climate change: Ice is not melting	The text conveys a narrative claiming that glaciers are not melting. In doing so, they present alleged evidence discrediting climate movement, labeling some prominent figures as alarmist and being in bad faith
EN_UA_300079.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	none	Short article claiming that western countries are equally authoritarian as Russia particularly in the area of freedoms of expression.
EN_CC_100002.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of national governments	The article talks about the resistance movement against Climate Con Programme initiated by the UK government. The article does not really specify what the residents are specifically resisting, as the article does not give insights into this programme.
EN_UA_300015.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: West is tired of Ukraine	The text has several paragraphs suggesting that Wester countries will no longer support Ukraine and they are planning to force it to call for peace, accepting disadvantageous conditions
EN_CC_200048.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	none	The text suggests with several paragraphs that green technologies and climate policies are part of a conspiracy plan which is aiming to damage the meat industry.
EN_UA_102958.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	none	In some paragraphs, the text conveys a narrative emphasizing the dangers related to the war in Ukraine, especially the potential use of unconventional weapons, the huge casualties, and the nuclear option
EN_UA_027787.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: The West are the aggressors	Throughout several paragraphs, the text suggests that the US is responsible for military attacks on Russian territories, arguing that the US are directly involved in the conflict.
EN_UA_021270.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Situation in Ukraine is hopeless	Article quoting Ukrainian officials, and indirectly arguing that situation in Ukraine is hopeless with the West having doubts in Ukraine's success. Ukrainian contradictions are highlighted in order to frame Ukraine as having no real options.
EN_UA_300076.txt	URW: Distrust towards Media	none	The article used quotes from Russian officials to claim that the West and Ukraine are behind the terrorist attack on Moscow's Concert Hall and that they are using media propaganda to frame ISIS for the act.
EN_UA_027676.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: There is a real possibility that nuclear weapons will be employed	The text has several paragraphs underlining the potential use of nuclear weapons by Russia both in the context of Ukraine war as well as in a global scenario.
EN_UA_017310.txt	URW: Overpraising the West	URW: Overpraising the West: The West belongs in the right side of history	The text presents several paragraphs underlining that Wester countries helping Ukraine and NATO have the moral authority to help Ukraine to fight Russia.
EN_CC_200097.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	none	The text consistently attack climate activism, both for being extremists groups as well as being funded by hypocritical high society figures such as actors and VIPs
EN_UA_008586.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	none	The text criticises the West and the US using several arguments, among which the corruption of Western elites as well as the system that is incompatible with freedom and thus support for Russia is the conflict is justified.
EN_CC_200107.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups: Blaming global elites	The text claims that alleged global elites are trying to implement a secret plan restricting the freedom of people. In doing so, they report the alleged case regarding the UK and the closing of major airports.
EN_UA_300013.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	none	The text uses one-sided reporting and uses quotes by Sergei Lavrov that criticise the West for its way to conduct international affairs, mentioning the failure of sanctions against Russia as well as the failure of the geopolitical system lead by the US and Europe
EN_UA_025165.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: West is tired of Ukraine	The text presents multiple paragraphs in which Western allies of Ukraine are blamed for not providing enough military. More specifically, the US is accused of playing internal political games at the expense of Ukraine's attempt to defend itself from Russia
EN_CC_300028.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of international entities	Criticism towards The Interior Department for allowing a energy giant ConocoPhillips to make a oil drilling project.
EN_UA_300099.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: There is a real possibility that nuclear weapons will be employed	The article instills fear for possible escalation of the conflict and concerns about Russia's military
EN_CC_300125.txt	CC: Criticism of climate policies	none	The article suggests that a move to less ambitious emissions reduction targets will help the economy.
EN_UA_100840.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	none	The text has several paragraphs suggesting that there can be an escalation related to the Ukraine-Russia war. Indeed, these paragraphs underline how Russia could attack other countries such as the US and neighboring states, as well as using nuclear weapons
EN_CC_200324.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of international entities	After the validity of the science behind the fossil fuel phase-out was denied by the COP28's president Sultan Al Jaber, his motives have begun to be questioned by media representatives as he is also the CEO of the national oil company of the UAE.
EN_CC_200139.txt	CC: Criticism of climate policies	none	The text criticises US climate policies asserting that Virginia is refusing to adopting them since the proposed policy is unfeasable
EN_CC_100095.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	CC: Criticism of climate movement: Ad hominem attacks on key activists	The text criticises climate activism, especially targeting the figure of Greta Thunber and accusing her of crimes as well as alarmist claims
EN_CC_100106.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	none	The text presents multiple paragraphs in which climate activists such as Al Gore are accused of alarmist predictions that revealed to be false. In doing so, the text discredits the climate movement, suggesting that behind it there are the so-called global elites
EN_UA_026697.txt	URW: Distrust towards Media	URW: Distrust towards Media: Western media is an instrument of propaganda	The text conveys a sense of distrust of Western media since they try to juxtapose the assassination attempt against Fico and russian interference in Slovakian elections.
EN_CC_300052.txt	CC: Amplifying Climate Fears	none	The article is about the dangerous effects of climate change on turtle reproduction.
EN_CC_300005.txt	CC: Criticism of climate policies	CC: Criticism of climate policies: Climate policies are ineffective	The article questions the need for schools to buy electric buses and the whole impact of climate change policies on the economy.
EN_UA_103732.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Discrediting Ukrainian government and officials and policies	Article presenting quotes and arguments discrediting Zelensky, claiming is unfit for the role of leader of Ukraine, especially in the field of foreign policy.
EN_UA_300022.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: The West is weak	The text aims at discrediting western countries such as the US, underlining their weaknesses and delusional objectives. The main point is that the US is allegedly not able to sustain a double military effort in Ukraine and in the middle east.
EN_UA_300052.txt	URW: Russia is the Victim	URW: Russia is the Victim: The West is russophobic	The article talks about Russia being a victim of Western Russophobia with Russian culture being cancelled.
EN_CC_200132.txt	CC: Criticism of climate policies	CC: Criticism of climate policies: Climate policies have negative impact on the economy	The text criticises climate policies for being detrimental to the economy. The case of Dutch farmers is presented as an iconic example of the negative impact of climate regulations
EN_UA_024847.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: The West are the aggressors	The text suggests that the sabotage of the nord stream pipeline was conceived and operated by Western countries and Ukraine, providing alleged evidence such as the declaration of informed individuals and journalists.
EN_UA_300156.txt	URW: Overpraising the West	URW: Overpraising the West: The West belongs in the right side of history	The text presents some paragraphs in which the Western support to Ukraine is emphasized, underlining the public consensus over sanctions
EN_UA_015443.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: West is tired of Ukraine	The text presents several paragraphs in which Ukraine's allies are depicted as weak or reluctant to provide further military help. These claims are justified by the upcoming US elections as well as the fact there are no enough funds.
EN_CC_100047.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	CC: Criticism of climate movement: Ad hominem attacks on key activists	The author says that climate movement is a scam because elites teach us about climate responsibility while using private jets.
EN_UA_300067.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	none	The article comments on Boris Johnson saying that British troops will help Ukraine in case of invasion.
EN_UA_023008.txt	URW: Distrust towards Media	URW: Distrust towards Media: Western media is an instrument of propaganda	Several, attacks and alleged misrepresentations of Tucker Carson's interview of Vladimir Putin are used to discredit the Western media and expose their bias anti-Russia.
EN_CC_200292.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups: Blaming global elites	Pope Francis is trying to use climate change agenda as a tool to take control over the world.
EN_UA_300103.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: The West does not care about Ukraine, only about its interests	The article talks about how companies from countries who support Ukraine profit from the war.
EN_UA_300006.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	none	the text discredits Western countries in their support to Ukraine, especially focusing on the US military and economic support, which is framed as a failure
EN_CC_200289.txt	CC: Downplaying climate change	CC: Downplaying climate change: CO2 concentrations are too small to have an impact	The article tries to prove IPCC and NOAA wrong about the acidification of the world's oceans due to high CO2 levels.
EN_CC_300124.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of political organizations and figures	Keir Starmer's integrity is being questioned after his plan for a new wave of wind farms came right after a donation by a renewable energy company.
EN_UA_013617.txt	URW: Praise of Russia	URW: Praise of Russia: Russia has international support from a number of countries and people	The text has several paragraphs criticising international institutions considered part of the Western world as hypocritical. and adopting double standards. Also, the US and the West are described as Russophobic as well as attempting to damage Russia and other countries such as China, Saudi Arabia.
EN_CC_200221.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups: Blaming global elites	Global warming is a false agenda being pushed by global elites since shortly before the fall of the Soviet Union.
EN_UA_024050.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: The West is weak	The article is about how Germany tries to instigate war with Russia despite publicly admitted that its military force is in horrible condition. The article emphasies how ironic it is that while having such incompetent military, Germany
EN_UA_016466.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	none	Several paragraphs suggest that if NATO continues to be a threat to Russia, the consequences will be the expansion of the War in Ukraine to other states, the potential use of atomic weapons. Western countries are depicted as the aggressors as well as morally decadent.
EN_CC_200073.txt	CC: Criticism of climate policies	none	The text attacks organisations involved in the fight with climate change, specifically focusing on the US context and investment company Blackrock. In doin go, Blackrock is being criticised for following an alleged climate agenda depicted as a conspirational in one specific paragraph.
EN_UA_300030.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: The West is weak	The text presents paragraphs underlining how the US has lost its global influence, suggesting that the unipolar world order will be substituted by a multipolar one
EN_UA_023816.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Ukraine is a puppet of the West	By quoting several Russian officials, the text adopts a Russian view of Ukraine's battlefield situation, claiming that it is Western personel and equipment that fight in Ukraine. The text adopts an overall view that the West has used Ukraine to inflict damage on Russia.
EN_CC_100000.txt	CC: Controversy about green technologies	none	The text attacks the US government for the implementation of climate related-policies which would provide the so-called fake meat to the US military, underlining that promiment public figures are disagreeing with it.
EN_UA_026142.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: There is a real possibility that nuclear weapons will be employed	The text conveys a sense of fear that nuclear war is imminent since Western countries are irresponsibly escalating conflicts to a nuclear confrontation with Russia and China.
EN_UA_029053.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: The West is weak	The text criticise Western countries supporting Ukraine in multiple passages. The main argument is that Ukraine suffered the consequences of the limitations imposed by Western countries in using weapons on Russian soil.
EN_UA_300134.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Discrediting Ukrainian military	The text presents some paragraphs in which the situationo of the Ukrainian military is depicted as problematic, relying on reserve troops to oppose Russia advancements
EN_CC_200041.txt	CC: Controversy about green technologies	none	Article using highly anti-government tone attacking an alleged decision of US government to force the car market to switch to electric, accusing the government of infringing american citizen rights.
EN_CC_200342.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups: Climate agenda has hidden motives	Global oligarchs and elites had a meeting in Dubai to push their "climate change" propaganda in the pursuit of restricting our freedoms.
EN_UA_004209.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: There is a real possibility that nuclear weapons will be employed	Article quoting Putin and Russian officials, claiming that they have the power to produce nuclear strikes in Western territory. The article aims to fearmonger by using detailed descriptions of Russian nuclear capabilities while keeping a writing style akin to reporting.
EN_UA_027879.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Discrediting Ukrainian government and officials and policies	Multiple passages depict Zelensky as an illegitimate leader which is taking unpopular decisions. His consent is described as decreasing in relation to the negative situation of the Ukrainian military as well as the withdrawal of Western allies' support.
EN_UA_300077.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	none	The text presents several paragraphs overall criticising western countries such as Germany, since diplomatic effort brought forward so far revealed to not work
EN_CC_200052.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	CC: Criticism of climate movement: Ad hominem attacks on key activists	The author undermines Antonio Gueterres, stating that he is using too theatrical speeches, which undermine the seriousness of his narratives. The author calls him alarmist and gives examples.
EN_UA_008072.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: There is a real possibility that nuclear weapons will be employed	Article quoting Putin's statements that highlight the possibility of use of nuclear weapons provoking fear. In the course of the text, a reporting style is used that ultimately highlights Russian leadership's failings by reporting on Western officials quotes.
EN_UA_029155.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Discrediting Ukrainian government and officials and policies	Several paragraphs report that behind the sabotage of the Nord Stream 2 there are the Ukrainian military and officials. The attempt to discredit Ukraine relies on declarations made by alleged officials of Western countries.
EN_CC_200044.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	none	The text depicts climate activists as a threat to the public order, committing crimes while public opinion doesn't support them. In doing so, the text reports the specific cases of Just Stop Oil and Exctinction Rebellion in the UK.
EN_UA_001032.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: Diplomacy does/will not work	The article reports a series of military events regarding the invasion of Russia. Towards the end, the failure of the Minsk agreement is attributed as the principal failure for the decision of Russia to invade.
EN_UA_104152.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: NATO should/will directly intervene	The text repeatedly suggest that a confrontation between NATO and Russia will happen sooner or later. According to the text, the confrontation would be the outcome of NATO's support to Ukraine as well
EN_UA_300074.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	none	The Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres comments possible impacts on the world economics
EN_UA_104434.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: There is a real possibility that nuclear weapons will be employed	Multiple passages of the text suggest that Russia will use nuclear weapons against NATO countries if there will be an escalation in relation to Ukraine. Vladimir Putin's quote are mentioned to foster this narrative as well as speculations are made about a nuclear attack
EN_UA_300104.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: There is a real possibility that nuclear weapons will be employed	The article talks about alliances that might bring world to the verge of nuclear war.
EN_CC_200137.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	none	The text criticise climate activists as being terrorists committing crime and endangering society with their actions. In doin so, multiple events are reported and labeled as terrorist activitites.
EN_UA_300127.txt	URW: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	none	The article talks about the collapse of the US dollar and how the powerful groups are secretly working on establishing new technocratic regime.
EN_CC_100035.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	none	The text criticise EU and the US institutions for their climate policies and initiatives, blaming them of implementing solutions which arm animals while at the same time arguing about their inefficiency
EN_CC_200092.txt	CC: Questioning the measurements and science	CC: Questioning the measurements and science: Methodologies/metrics used are unreliable/faulty	The texts question the scientific evidence of climate change and global warming. The first text claims that US authorities are manipulating data about temperatures, while the second one claims that Norway denies global warming as well as COP28 officials question the science behind the stop of usage of fossil fuels
EN_UA_103025.txt	CC: Criticism of climate policies	CC: Criticism of climate policies: Climate policies have negative impact on the economy	Several paragraphs question climate policies arguing that they will have a detrimental impact on the US economy. As an evidence, the EU green deal is mentioned as not working, as well as criticism is exrpessed towards Biden's administration
EN_CC_200218.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups: Climate agenda has hidden motives	Climate change scam is a tool being used by the governments to feed millions of dollars from subsidiaries into companies producing renewable sources of energy .
EN_CC_200245.txt	CC: Criticism of climate policies	CC: Criticism of climate policies: Climate policies are only for profit	The climate change is an agenda being pushed by the Democratic party which 25% of USA's budget is being drained into.
EN_CC_200021.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of political organizations and figures	The article reports about New Your City's mayor's initiative to control the amount of meat people consume. The author calls the mayor incompetent person who goes after people's meat and wants to make everyone vegan forcefeully.
EN_UA_300082.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	none	Criticism towards the Ukrainian government for launching terrorist attacks at Russian territories to threaten the population and spark up the conflict.
EN_UA_028520.txt	URW: Overpraising the West	URW: Overpraising the West: The West belongs in the right side of history	The text presents a paragraph in which the EU and the West are described as doing the right thing in supporting Ukraine
EN_CC_200188.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of national governments	Criticism towards Biden and his administration regarding a plan to establish 30,000 megawatts of nameplate Offshore Wind capacity by 2030,which is not close to being
EN_UA_DEV_100028.txt	URW: Negative Consequences for the West	none	The text stresses the negative consequences of sanctions for Europe and Western countries, reporting that gas prices will increase dramatically.
EN_CC_200145.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of political organizations and figures	Discrediting John Kerry and the Biden administration regarding a plan to eliminate coal-fired power plants.
EN_CC_200318.txt	CC: Questioning the measurements and science	CC: Questioning the measurements and science: Scientific community is unreliable	Scientific organizations are using "climate change" propaganda to alter the statistics and reasoning behind economic drop-off in agriculture.
EN_CC_200150.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	CC: Criticism of climate movement: Climate movement is alarmist	The article talks how The NY Times and other mainstream media exaggerate events to persuade people that climate change is happening. One of these cases is extinction of Vanilla which is not true according to the author.
EN_CC_200116.txt	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities	CC: Criticism of institutions and authorities: Criticism of political organizations and figures	The text attacks Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeay for the promotion of climate policies which are considered detrimental for the country. Also, these policies are allegedly considered unconstitutional.
EN_CC_200159.txt	CC: Controversy about green technologies	CC: Controversy about green technologies: Renewable energy is unreliable	The article talks about unreliability and negative economic impact of green technologies
EN_UA_300032.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: Diplomacy does/will not work	The text claims that diplomatic efforts don't work because western countries such as the UK are interfering with negotiations between Ukraine and Russia. In doing so, the text also claims that the West is using Ukraine to achieve strategic objectives at the expense of Russia
EN_UA_DEV_26.txt	URW: Russia is the Victim	none	By mentioning historical tensions between the US and the USSR during the Cuban crisis, the text argues that the US had always had an aggressive attitude towards Russia surrounding it militarily. Moreover, it draws a parallel with the situation in Ukraine, where again Russia is allegedly acting in self defense
EN_UA_021123.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: West is tired of Ukraine	The text presents a narrative depicting the Ukraine's Western allies as withdrawing their support, suggesting that they prioritize their interests according the evolving geopolitical scenario
EN_UA_012234.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: Russia will also attack other countries	Several quotes from Russian TV presenters are quoted calling for nuclear attack on London, provoking fear of escalation. Russian position is subsequently framed as weak and isolated.
EN_CC_200009.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	CC: Criticism of climate movement: Climate movement is corrupt	The text attacks climate activists for hypocritically ignoring the issues generated by the EVs' industry. Specific prominent activists are mentioned, blaming them for living luxurious lives in the West while poor countries are exploited. Overall, green technologies are criticised for being just a another way for companies to make profit.
EN_CC_200086.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	none	The text reports alleged conspiracies to force people becoming intolerant to meat, identifying the promoters of such policies are criminals and enemies of the humanity
EN_UA_103168.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	none	Multiple paragraphs amplify the fear of a cyber attack against the US by Russia. According to the text, these attacks can happen anytime.
EN_UA_300154.txt	URW: Negative Consequences for the West	URW: Negative Consequences for the West: Sanctions imposed by Western countries will backfire	The text claims that sanctions against Russia will have a detrimental effect on Western countries' economy since the price of oil will increase
EN_CC_200294.txt	CC: Controversy about green technologies	CC: Controversy about green technologies: Renewable energy is unreliable	The attempted transition from gas-fueled cars to electric vehicles will end up as a major failure for the climate movement and the Democrats that support it as EV's are too unreliable.
EN_CC_100012.txt	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	CC: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups: Blaming global elites	The text constantly mentions an alleged secret plan to reduce the white global population perpetrated by the WEF and unspecified global elites. These actors are accused of other conspiracy theories throughout the text as well.
EN_CC_200016.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	none	The text presents several paragraphs in which climate activists are attacked. They are accused of being extremists attempting to disrupt public events in the US. The text also uses strong emotional words and suggests that these people should be eliminated violently
EN_CC_200165.txt	CC: Downplaying climate change	CC: Downplaying climate change: Ice is not melting	The article is denying the warnings about melting ice shelves in the Antarctic and suggest they are actually more stable than before.
EN_UA_011260.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	none	Throughout all the text, Ukraine is discredited as threatening Russian-speaking population, having a criminal government, and implement ethnic cleansing in its territories. This is accomplished through the use of one-sided reporting that gradually takes opinion form accusing Ukraine and Western allies of being the aggressors.
EN_CC_200093.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	none	The article talks about how globalists and extremist climate activists want to ban everything that produces emissions, which will lead to eventual elimination of people other than globalists.
EN_UA_300053.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Discrediting Ukrainian government and officials and policies	Some European political figures are beginning to claim that Ukraine officials are embezzling a large portion of the financial aid given to them despite Zelensky's claims that is untrue.
EN_CC_200101.txt	CC: Criticism of climate policies	CC: Criticism of climate policies: Climate policies have negative impact on the economy	The text claims that climate policies have a detrimental effect on economy. In doing so, it mentions the situation of farmers being allegedly negatively affected by the carbon tax proposed by the Canadian government
EN_CC_200144.txt	CC: Criticism of climate movement	CC: Criticism of climate movement: Climate movement is corrupt	The article continuously criticizes climate movement due to its radical and extremist actions.
EN_UA_300132.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Situation in Ukraine is hopeless	The article covers several topics, talking about how the War is a proxy conflict between the USA and Russia. However, the main focus is on the fact that Ukraine's army is collapsing, USA has no more capacity to fund Ukraine, while Russia's military strength is increasing. The war will end on Russia's terms.
EN_UA_101079.txt	URW: Negative Consequences for the West	URW: Negative Consequences for the West: Sanctions imposed by Western countries will backfire	The text presents multiple paragraphs in which sanctions are considered detrimental for EU countries, specifically pointing out the case of Germany
EN_CC_200022.txt	CC: Questioning the measurements and science	CC: Questioning the measurements and science: Greenhouse effect/carbon dioxide do not drive climate change	The author argues that CO2 has no effect on the rise of temperature and it is a myth. The author targets Danish government who has introduced law that will tax livestock farmers for emissions from cows.
EN_UA_013257.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: The West are the aggressors	The text presents several passages that together convey a narrative in which Russia's decision to invade Ukraine is justified by the the fact that the West attempted to undermine security of Russia, fostering terrorism, economic instability, nazism, and organizing a coup in Ukraine in 2014.
